This summer started out horribly, disappointment after disappointment but before I get into the things that made me very mad I'll give you a little background info on how it all started.
	The ending of my junior year was great. I had managed to raise my gpa a little and I was very refreshed after having been enrolled in STEAM doing things that are very new to me. In STEAM I started making steps in education in the career path of software development, starting out with full stack development. This program had a lot of internships and opportunities to make money and through Work ED and other NYC schools programs. 
	In the year I was trying to pass all of the AP classes because my parents told me I needed to pass all of the AP exams I took that year in order to play the best sport in the world, football. No, not the American version. I'm talking about soccer, the real football. So the summer was supposed to be the best summer of my life doing all the things I love coding and football.

Disappointment # 1- I failed two of the three AP examinations 
that I have done during this year. 

	>This has to be the most disappointing thing that has happened this summer because through all my life sports have been my passion. 
Ever since elementary school I've been involved in either basketball or soccer at a serious level doing everything I could to stay competitive. I was always 
involved with extra curricular activities. Though with this being my final year of high school this meant I wasn't going to be involved at any point in my high school 
career in any athletic club or team for any significant amount of time. This has depressed me ever since the 10th grade. Going into this summer one of the things I wanted to do just
 flopped in my face. Leading to my next disappointment.

Disappointment # 2 I had to give up the summer internship for a job I did not want to do. 😞
	
	> What I had in mind this summer was to get some level of technical experience in the field I am interested in. For those who don’t know me personally 
and are currently reading this, a part of the Brooklyn STEAM center program are the different work experience opportunities that it provides to the students 
and in the latter part of my junior year allowing us to work based learning with, (internships). Personally I was very enthused to participate in things like that. 
Being that the competition that I would be facing in the field I thought getting some networking going and building any type of experience would be awesome for me 
in the long run. But of course my parents would have some problem with that, for some reason or the other my parents have been nerfing me academically for what I 
feel like has been my whole high school career. Nevertheless I pleaded with them to join one of these programs but with the distance I would have to travel every 
day it seemed like my parents would not be willing to facilitate those opportunities. I swear they only make academic decisions for me in their interest alone.
